same incidents music sounds banging
alright I started the recording then say
anything you don't want recorded a
six-way animal boot this is the
corporation sweet stuff upcoming
internship releases yeah just a note to
say that the asic weight reflector PRS
are kind of imminent I spent a day kind
of rebasing after some big changes went
in but I'll leave that to Alex to talk
about a bit later but they are really
closer
there are around or less than 10 files I
think I need to refactor and
in core tests and then then there's just
kind of admin tasks to be done but we're
really close still really close I know
it's been like another week but I was
doing things that the end to mid to end
last week so yeah that's all I have okay
in terms of the is petrol is signing out
next step
I think I can give that update so we had
a meeting yesterday I take us to discuss
the grand status we build a plan for
finish York 15.0 sentence we're also
getting closer to one notes and notes
we'll see
so we found that figures appears to work
on human age for us we've almost done
poured inside guard two Canaries we're
working through a few kinks and bugs
typically if you like so many patches
upstream to one of the network just as
we're using or like act quickly or it's
not really giving you Shoop I don't
think it is yeah let me think is raining
for is it zero is I can went to 10 K
nodes running a cluster with like
artificial latencies everything and like
not like talking old CPM said using
artificial agencies in multiple versions
of I profess the DHT right sometimes we
can just back to compatibility which we
don't break than work entirely and
finally we do extract traces in hold on
a budget races various machine so if you
analyze indeed that's that content do we
have role here no ok so all this was
well content routing there's a lot of
design in research work done that the
researcher feet I don't know if the
output of that has actually been posted
yet or made available yet but it should
be we came up with a bunch of plans for
attacking multiple issues one is cotton
routing finding content give this
content for fighting the warden will is
performance and final it was distributed
metrics so
if said it's here I really like were
working today I like trying to
synthesize a couple of the company
outing problems into it Jacqueline that
is getting pretty close in those four
days and then start like so yeah this is
going this is taking a lot longer than
we'd hoped we feel like you're more on
target now before actually ok supplement
gateway idol
not a not a big update this week I
update dogs added our config for soompi
someone wants to run some domain using
nginx or other reverse proxy I've had it
some dogs and make sure our dogs related
to okay to educate with in general on
the new dogs portal are up to date and
look decent I did not start some domain
work here time I'm finishing some queue
for leftovers which unexpectedly take
more time to land but those are parks
that needs to be coerced so maybe next
week I have more exciting update
yes sir good it would be odd to be
tickling on pods anything else a help
you but we should hopefully be building
that up next couple weeks as we finish
up the reflector okay i pn s also on
actually no I think he was working on
improving how we select eyepiece cutter
it's like basically publish happiness
records should be able to take weeks per
second shouldn't have to wait until
succeed if you've labeled likeness of
you should know things publish it wait
for published actually go out and then
just not used to almost have the
background moving onto a performance I
don't think there have been any updates
here this week mostly
we do we have started work on after two
into focus good like this week I didn't
to next release will not be the default
rule my Croatian bedroom too high for
too little be adding it as an additional
data store option experimental juice so
the peoples are testing in houses of
default in the next six that goes we've
been trying me next migration of all to
hashkee simple box store unfold from the
JavaScript side on the go side actually
made some progress here we don't have
bunch of guys open for actually with
handling
both images except see IDs you don't
miss by this punching all of the work
around like changing on the title
interfaces and interests focus
ignorantly
teaching the
Phoebus for blast-off it's basically
videos for the pockets of these fancy
ideas later on mr. bubbly screams you
forget his tactics it's a nice change
motivation for the super art is to go
we're going to have immigration the next
release to make sure that we don't have
issues with bootstrappers due to change
but kind of a better reason to have
migration for to have migration because
a migration swapping caused more pain
fixes it's important to have by running
migrations now put it run it in there
always been fixed and go along with that
kind of basically if you're gonna run my
for migration help me pencils are
fastened together it's pretty simple if
there's any if there any coherence or
people just all jam it in the migration
we have a code now in place
I think and they else to use both caches
instead of CID in the district but the
migration of actually moving all the
icid box if you are interested didn't
spin me if you can't get to it okay yes
quick question um so you were mentioning
about batching updates or migrations
together well I didn't quite catch what
the other migration was for that so
because we're changing the boots jumpers
because we are okay so this release will
set the minimum RSA key size doesn't for
me you go
which makes is incompatible with most of
the original food wrappers except from
ours the flavors with strategy 4036 Viki
goodness change but his new battle with
all the original ones
there may exist some set of nodes that
have really all this migration heads to
be in December basements trappers if you
have the basic you're evolving struggles
with the new team is pretty strikers
that's the the secondary thing that does
is it because we're migrating from slash
Pepe FS 2 / p2p this tool also just
replaces all the slash just to be nice
to users let me see this beautiful
because we've a lot of editing users
good things without them knowing
so that's what the cut migration is
doing basically have it there just so we
don't break some users on the other hand
it might break up abusers and I won't
break up users simply cause difficulty
of users as the date is like if they are
able to it's good to install it sorry
can start being dutiful person they can
always side load because just get down
with a skewed look we're gonna have me
reading out the pain as well just like
do everything one do unless ok question
so not so much a question but I'm the
interesting point there that I don't
know like something that occurred to me
that maybe hasn't occurred to everyone
else is that the the migration that's
being done is being done on
configuration and configure is stored in
the ipfs repo so when we migrate we can
also migrate configuration
stores as well and so I just want to
point out how is something that's kind
of interesting
yes
please another issue here is like
ideally we'd actually fetching these
migration tools prefer a different IP
that's we don't end up list and go you
don't own them the best because because
it won't build them in tender in exact
versions of things so that they never
work because we want to make sure these
were always build but unforeseen means
we don't don't
okay it's about dates I'm still
reviewing their changes yeah so in the
meantime I've been implementing the
proof-of-concept changes I'd be making
in JavaScript as well and specifically
from timing I'm just implementing the
server side of those changes meaning
we'll be able to respond to requests on
the new protocol so I've been kind of
doing that in pieces and it's now ready
for purview and so yeah I'd love to
let's get some reviews on them that's it
that's a yes I just yeah I just pressed
the button to request a review because I
was already there and I think I got
notified it was really yeah when I when
I get a second like this week is super
hectic
we've stuff but as soon as I can so just
while I'm at the microphone and with
wrists even with respect to the test
ground stuff I was like I planned
I'm not exactly sure how that relates to
the doctor set stuff should still work I
can test the latest master on my machine
it may be I mean if this is like you
want a book time to sit down pair on
this yeah because it could be just
something that's different than my
machine your machine yeah we haven't
really tested a lot of like okay care of
thinking go through it like can start
the end of which we've accumulated a
couple of steps okay yeah a message yeah
miss being slacking kind of time to work
through this
I made it myself isn't it cool wait I
like it sir with Jason yes yes still
going unfortunately really close to
finishing like I said the start there's
I think less than 10 10 files of tests
that just need to be rejected a little
bit and I have been slowly working
through them I spent today just rebasing
weekly a while because what's gone in
has touched a lot of the things though
I've also touches to do it carefully but
yeah getting there getting there with
help from Jacob as well from getting
gangly pipian but we're really really
close and I just need like a couple more
days to to get everything sorted this is
a good way to change just yeah it is in
the same boat it's close to being done
didn't have a lot of time last week to
work on it but should have plenty of
time to work on it this week we're just
fixing a couple miscellaneous bugs
tidying up some docks and then I think
once everything looks good in JSI PFS
and hopefully you in an official RC of
that this week yeah I mean hopefully get
that out the door in the next week or
two
okay eunuchs of us 1.5 merged
it very much to imagine once yeah it'll
be in the next release idiot I prefer
that is the addition of modes and M
times to like normal imports and effects
and all that kind of stuff along with th
mode and touch commands to to manipulate
this data yeah super happy big thanks to
everyone who helped out Peter especially
for sanity checking all the spec work as
well and yeah it's been amazing cool
yeah it's they that's really good I'm
really happy you people still hear me
yes okay because by freeing my screens
are frozen so I can't do anything I can
still talk okay
that's great before we release that you
me make sure to add in Kirov test and
then make sure it doesn't get kids to
work for users in JavaScript go they're
all in the interface testing suite
already excellent okay so next up stream
streaming content based chunking
researchin improvements
yes so i actually haven't had a chance
to really see it's very much done last
week i original my order of operations
so to speak issue and basically using a
best attractor of the optivisor plan
accounts for system I should have level
enough and go in the next like couple
days I already have to be help me with a
couple of questions and should have the
preliminary document shipped with this
is what we're doing is what we're doing
it and this is the type of datas we're
trying to pull out of various episodes
that are already assembled a shinto that
at them and put them on ipfs and also my
web support where they connect to the
site so a lot of progress it's basically
from multiple sites is coming together
and yeah I'm okay like three days behind
but I like this time so that's okay
good to hear questions we had two
questions that I cannot read because I
can't use my compass beat them I had a
question so seeing as I just talked to
Mike I'll just start I just had an idea
whilst we were talking about it would it
be a good idea to have like a I mean
there will be information on the release
notes for the next year so PFS but would
it be a good idea to do like a extended
blog post on unix FS 1.5 and what new
new things are available and why why we
did it
what why it's important and what it
enables you to do yes it's a volunteer
yeah I mean we'll do it I was gonna say
if Alex doesn't want to do it then I'm
happy to do it cuz I'm just I don't want
to just suggest work with him but I
think that would be rad if okay hey sir
oh it's Ari Ellen you another no no I
was gonna say there's another question
from Doug the content review crew you
guys need to be before release we have a
list
we are currently editing it should get
out for later this week
basically you already have some pieces
don't like not including those and
that's in the EHC Adeem is currently
working on fixes to like logic Maria
Valley 30 layout exactly requirements
for them
done then we have some other
improvements around basically keeping
the routing table up-to-date refreshing
correct we keep their nose can't be
connect each other all the time
especially problem mostly is clients
then like the the servers or the DC
server is overloaded with clients so it
will start disconnecting clients so in
order for the networks to work the
clients have to like not then like
forget their parents information so
trying to prioritize and make sure I
mean would it be accurate to define like
if we see the improvements in content
routing performance from test contests
that we hope to see but you know that is
your necessary space and you know if it
needs more than that then we'll do more
than that if we get MVP version and the
test ground tests they go we go yeah
that's basically where yes the very
first step here is basically get get a
thousand ten thousand it's just ground
reproduce the current network problems
in his ground take ages were complete
then start our testing on a practicing
test ground I seen what we actually need
to do to make the test is complete then
the reason of time at the moment like
return for absolution case scenario of a
release in 30 seconds because lately
it's still terrible but it's even better
we have right now and we know what he do
a lot better than that but we want to
get a release out that's better and then
once that's better than we can start
working on creepy they start improving
the query logic
so the summary I guess is that the
baseline is that we do not make it words
that will not break
captain discovery and tiredly and kind
of like it's a little bit it's a little
bit more than that so with it's wrong
the the goal is to not make it worse so
that's why we say to test the carpet
swatches in test grammar with variable
agencies and like with variable
bandwidth constraints and everybody
venturi Russians although they conduct
routing we know we need to make it
better because it just doesn't complete
doesn't work Thanks the reviews need to
reproduce the current system in test
nature test with actually looking and
your tests work otherwise if we can show
that just graduates that our code is
Masum doesn't mean anything unless we
can show that we're actually just the
right thanks okay any other questions
there are no hands raised so I guess now
thank you parking lots okay then awesome
I see all around yeah I don't forget to
put your bid for notes
I see you next week